# FiveM-Admin-Dash-BETA-project
this is an administrative panel written in PHP that utilises a FiveM server's rcon abilities to ban or kick people in game and it keeps logs of such. This is a beta project, and I am looking to be adding more features to it in the future along with changing some of the bootstrap layout so it looks a little nicer.  Please note that the rcon password for the SiniserRP server that is one of the servers I am making it for, has changed their rcon pass so don't try do anything funny with that. 
## NOTE!!!
I am not aware if this works or not, the webport should be able to communicate with the fivem rcon, but I have not tested it yet as I am unable to do so as I cannot port foward nor purchase a web hosting service and free ones don't do the job right

###### extra little thing

I do not recommend the use of this product in servers just yet as even though it should work, the UI is just too inefficient to be using it at the moment, the reason I have put a repo up for this is so a few servers owners that are intrested in the idea, can have a look at my progress. I plan on spanning the idea to other games. I full acknowledge to an extent of disclosure to those who are intrested in it, that there is already a fully functional administrative fivem website written in PHP, using the same q3query lib to communicate to rcon, but I am going to expand the features of this to be integrated in xenforo or other open source forum "software" and discord bots and channels for better use. This will eventually consist of multiple parts of JavaScript with discord.js to communicate with the bot, I am going to be writing some Java, Ruby or Scala (haven't decided yet) backend stuff for a forum so it can have easy communication with the system, LUA scripts just to check fivem server side info and send it over to the PHP side of things, for player info and such, keeping a little profile on players, like their kills, deaths, vehicle spawn rate, average speeding rate (how fast they are going over the speed limit), ill eventually incoperate a live map of some kind to help me record this data. I will be writing additional JavaScript backend stuff for the database. I will run 'local' databases on the host machine of the website, which will be used for logs and such, and will insert data into SQL servers running on the FiveM server machine, that will have data retrievable by LUA scripts running on FiveM server. I am expecting everything to be done soon!, but until then, OBSERVE!. :)


